Advisor docs (#1347)
scylladb/scylla-monitoring: docs/source/advisor/cqlCLAll.rst

Some queries use Consistency Level: ALL
---------------------------------------

> Scylla stores your data in ReplicationFactor of nodes (replicas)Typically, for consistency level, each piece of information is stored in multiple replicas. A query Consistency Level determines how many replicas need to be queried before a reply is returned. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scylla stores your data in ReplicationFactor of nodes (replicas). Typically, for a consistency level, each piece of information is stored in multiple replicas. A query's Consistency Level determines how many replicas will need to be queried before a reply is returned. 
```

> Using consistency level ALL in a query requires all replicas to be available and will fail  if a node is unavailable resulting in reduced availability. This means that the client will not get a result in case one of the replicas is down or not responding, reducing the HA of the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using consistency level ALL in a query requires **all** replicas to be available and will fail if a node is unavailable, resulting in reduced availability. This means that the client will not get a result in case **one** of the replicas is down or not responding, reducing the HA of the system.
```
